# PINN--Heat_Transfer_and_Cure
Simulate a composite material on a tool, curing in an autoclave.

Solves the 
- coupled heat transfer and generation equation, and
- cure kinetics equation

for the temperature and degree of cure, as functions of time and position, for a 1D thermal stack consisting of
- convective heat transfer to the tool 
- a tool
- a composite material
- convective heat transfer to the composite material

#
## Tooled Composite Cure Problem
This code represents a forward solution only; T<sub>air</sub>(t) is an input to the problem. FEM is the preferred method of solving such problems, where this code instead implements a PINN to find the solution.

Beyond the thermal stack above, the system is defined by:
- the “coupled” heat equation including a term for the heat generated by the exothermic epoxy-amine cure reaction,
- the equation describing the cure kinetics of the resin,
- the composite and tool material properties,
- the equation for convective heat transfer at the air-tool and part-air interfaces,
- the heat transfer coefficients at each interface,
- the equations for conductive heat transfer at the tool-part interface,
- the thicknesses of the tool and composite bodies, and
- a one-hold cure cycle.

This code uses a single NN to represent the temperature as a function of time and position. This ended up being a poor design because some positions correspond to the tool where other positions correspond to the part, and the behavior of the part and tool should be quite different from each other. The solution must have a slope discontinuity (a kink) at the tool-part interface, which is enabled by a layer with relu activation functions, which makes it challenging to resolve into a smooth function away from that interface. Future developments use an NN for each body.

This code uses a single NN to represent the degree of cure as a function of time and position. The DOC is only evaluated within the part, so the NN has no physical significance at locations that correspond to the tool. The cure rate varies by many orders of magnitude, so the NN is trained on a residual based on the difference in the natural log of the cure rate.

#
Dependencies:
- Python 3.6.8
- Tensorflow 2.10
